Standardisation of affiliations and other reccomendations for persistent identifiers (#1597)
elixir-europe/rdmkit: pages/contribute/how_to_contribute.md

## Acknowledgement and ownership of content

> Contributors will be shown at the bottom of each page and on the main [contributors page](https://rdmkit.elixir-europe.org/contributors) if listed in the metadata of the markdown file. We strongly suggest adding the name, ORCID, email address, GitHub account, and affiliation of the contributor to the [CONTRIBUTORS file](https://github.com/elixir-europe/rdmkit/blob/master/_data/CONTRIBUTORS.yaml). While RDMkit is currently not integrated with the [Research Organization Registry](https://ror.org/), we advise you to look in this registry for your institution and use the displayed label for your organisation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Contributors will be shown at the bottom of each page and on the main [contributors page](https://rdmkit.elixir-europe.org/contributors) if listed in the metadata of the markdown file. We strongly suggest adding the name, ORCID, email address, GitHub account, and affiliation of the contributor to the [CONTRIBUTORS file](https://github.com/elixir-europe/rdmkit/blob/master/_data/CONTRIBUTORS.yaml). While RDMkit is currently not integrated with the {% tool "ror" %}, we advise you to look in this registry for your institution and use the displayed label for your organisation.
```

I am fine with using it in the contributors pages if at least it is also mentioned somewhere else. Because now ROR will not be untagged in the main tools and resources list (contributors pages have no page_ids, so won't ge linked in the main tools and resource).

Reviewer: I now realize we did the same thing here:
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/95f6966a-ab70-44a1-93a0-4fba3bd585aa)
For BBT and Zotero ...
